Modify S6437(docker): Improve the samples (#2975)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6437/docker/rule.adoc

=== Noncompliant code example

> The following code snippet demonstrates the creation of a file with a private
> key and a public key stored in the container's metadata. +
> This is non-compliant because the private key should not be disclosed anywhere.

Author: ```suggestion
The following code snippet demonstrates the creation of a file with a private
key and a public key, which are then stored in the metadata of the container. +
This is non-compliant, as the private key should not be exposed anywhere.
```

[source,docker]
----
FROM example

# Noncompliant
RUN ssh-keygen -N "Passphrase" -t rsa -b 1024 -f rsync-key
----

=== Compliant solution

For build-time secrets, use

> https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#run---mounttypesecret[Buildkit's
> secret mount type] instead:

Author: ```suggestion
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#run---mounttypesecret[Buildkit's secret mount type] instead:
```

=== Noncompliant code example

The following code snippet demonstrates the creation of a file with a private
key and a public key, which are then stored in the metadata of the container. +
This is non-compliant, as the private key should not be exposed anywhere.

Afterwards, the code uses a seemingly-hidden password which is actually leaked
after the container is built.

[source,docker, diff-id=1, diff-type=noncompliant]
----
FROM example

# Noncompliant
RUN ssh-keygen -N "passphrase" -t rsa -b 2048 -f /etc/ssh/rsa_key

RUN /example.sh --ssh /etc/ssh/rsa_key

ARG PASSWORD
# Noncompliant

> RUN wget --user=guest --password="$PASSWORD" https://example.com

Author: I am thinking another PR containing the wget samples and ask in the SONARIAC ticket to merge the PR when they implement it. wdyt ?

noncompliant: 

```Dockerfile
ARG PASSWORD
# Noncompliant
RUN wget --user=guest --password="$PASSWORD" https://example.com
```

```Dockerfile
RUN --mount=type=secret,id=wget_passwd \
    wget --user=guest --password="$(cat /run/secrets/wget_passwd)" https://example.com
```

> RUN wget --user=guest --password="$PASSWORD" https://example.com

Reviewer: That's a good idea 👍

----

=== Compliant solution

For build-time secrets, use
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#run---mounttypesecret[Buildkit's secret mount type] instead:

[source,docker, diff-id=1, diff-type=compliant]
----
FROM example

RUN --mount=type=secret,id=ssh,target=/etc/ssh/rsa_key \
    /example.sh --ssh /etc/ssh/rsa_key

RUN --mount=type=secret,id=wget_passwd \
    wget --user=guest --password="$(cat /run/secrets/wget_passwd)" https://example.com
----

For runtime secrets, leave the environment variables empty until runtime:

[source,docker]
----
FROM example
ENV PASSWORD=""

CMD /runtime_wget.sh

> ----

Author: Yeah, I kept it because it might add a nice illustration, but the text behind is clear so I'm gonna remove this

CMD /run.sh
----

Store the runtime secrets in an
https://docs.docker.com/compose/env-file/[environment file] (such as `.env`)
and then start the container with the

> https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#set-environment-variables--e---env---env-file[`--env-file`]
> argument:

Author: ```suggestion
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/#set-environment-variables--e---env---env-file[`--env-file`] argument:
```
